We keep a final vierkantscontrole where we compare the final output total cost to a single (unprocessed) number that we can get from the billing/cost explorer api in the master account.

Thoughts:
Add an extra step for calculating aggregations before support cost/shared cost calculation, because both of those steps use that aggregation.

How do we connect to CEM app for data? Use the existing export? But then if there is going to be a button in the app for starting a recalc, that should also export data to OCDS first.

Probably need to start with deciding how we'll do the component binding rules. That seems to be the most complicated part at this point with the functionality described. We should therefore design that first and see how it performs in order to decide on the concurrent vs sequential approach.

'Refund', 'Credit', removed from the filter at a later stage
Pull out the rules into a generic rule engine
Apply any new rules on the data as a test before actually deploying


Data changes needed:
- [x] CEM export component needs component_ou_id (app repo)
- [x] Add GCL component AWS_SUPPORT_ENTERPRISE -> done but recreate the export for local


Todo:
- [x] Loading data from S3
- [x] Loading data from CEM db
- [x] Apply allocation rules to get MCI
- [x] Merge with CCI

- [x] Apply CCI to dataset to get allocated billinglines 
- [x] Also fill the application and contract based on the component
- [x] Apply distribution to get distributed billinglines
- [x] How to scale efficiently (split into subsets based on date/first letter of resource, something else)
- [x] Fix support cost aws (keep as manual override or change master account app_tag_prio = True)
- [x] Check azure resource_id
- [x] Get all data in new cur bucket
- [x] Add in configuration error log if there are issues with the configuration. I.e. A container group has no children or GCO lines are in a container without BAP lines.
- [x] CONTAINERKEY '' for azure 2024-01?????
- [x] application_id nan? 
      https://eu-west-1.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudwatch/home?region=eu-west-1#logsV2:log-groups/log-group/dev-pr51-ocds-ng-app/log-events/dev-pr51-ocds-ng-app$252Fapp$252Fapp$252Faa904f5f3be54c83a40217bec23b6d1b$3FfilterPattern$3Dconfiguration+problem
- [x] Join with other data to get pnl_distributed_cost dataset
- [x] Get Krijn's manual assignments into new override module
- [ ] Add billing test dataset to unittests for verifying allocation/distribution rules
- [x]  Dollar euro conversion
- [x] billinglines present in partition month i but actually for month i+1 or any other month
- [ ] Apply low cost dismissal rule
- [ ] Integrate unassigned asset management with CEM app
- [x] Add cloudplatform and organization

Issues identified:
- [x] Change to rule engine needed: duplicate object key e.g. if you want to AND together two CONTAINS statements (i think, make some test cases for it at least)
- [x] Keep support cost as a manual override?
- [x] Azure SAAS lines are linked to GENERIC component with type GCO, but those SAAS lines are in a dummy container with no BAP lines
- [ ] Currently no way of updating assets if a tag comes in after the month has ended (so say asset 1 has no tag in month january, so is assigned no component. Then in February a tag is added to the asset, so that in the mci for february links the asset to a valid component. Now if we run January again, those costs will still be linked to component_missing for January )
      Option to do this efficiently: write only rules no_applicable_tag_container_default and "" to a cci. Use the existing mci cci merge script to update the a final allocation mapping.
    



Split distributed lines and new dataset into separate aws and azure tables

Final dataset as view? If secondary source data will need to be copied

report_date -> usage_start_date
cloudplatform -> needed?
cloudplatform_code -> we have the id
demandtype -> 
product_name ->
asset_type ->
asset_os ->
asset_software ->
region -> region
containerkey -> container_key
containertype -> join with container
container_shortname -> join with container
cloud_service_provider -> 
assetkey -> resource_id
environment ->
usagetype -> 
component -> join with component
gen_business_application ->
application -> join with application
contract_name -> join with contract
app_owner ->
devops_team ->
app_development ->
app_maintenance ->
app_hosting ->
team ->
department ->
costcode ->
grid ->
quantity ->
pricing_unit ->
eur_indirect_costs -> gbu + gcg + gco+ gcl
eur_total_costs -> cost
eur_direct_costs -> cost_applied
pnl01 ->
pnl02 ->
pnl03 ->
pnl04 ->
pnl05 ->
name_tag ->
year -> partition
month -> partition
date -> partition?


CEM exports
- [x] environment export -> add to crawled data sources
- [x] cloudplatform export -> add to crawled data sources
- [ ] team sql
- [ ] aws_tst_cur join 
- [x] stop old billing processing
